Fix changelog entry for #1141 (#1220)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: CHANGELOG.md

  ([#1074](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/1074))
- Add semantic conventions for system metrics
  ([#937](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/937))

> - Add `db.sql.table` and `db.operation` to semantic conventions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `db.sql.table` to semantic conventions, allow `db.operation` for SQL
```
